Update Readme to mention the order of plugin registration (#100)
auth0/auth0-vue: README.md

If you are using our Auth0-Vue SDK with [Vue-Router](https://next.router.vuejs.org/), you can protect a route by using the [Navigation Guard](https://next.router.vuejs.org/guide/advanced/navigation-guards.html) provided by the SDK.

> > ⚠️ Be aware that the order in which the Router and Auth0 SDK are registered is important, not registering the Router before the Auth0 SDK might result in unexpected behavior.

Reviewer: Suggestion, try to be a bit more direct:

```suggestion
> ⚠️ **Note**: the order in which the Router and Auth0 Vue plugin are registered is important. You must register the Router before the Auth0 SDK or you might see unexpected behavior.
```
